[expo-notifications][docs] Add custom Android notification sound gotcha description (#10768)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/notifications.md

On Android, this module requires permission to subscribe to device boot. It's used to setup the scheduled notifications right after the device (re)starts. The `RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED` permission is added automatically.

## Common gotchas / known issues

> ### Setting custom notification sound on Android

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Setting custom notification sounds on Android
```

> To set a custom notification sound for an Android notification setting `sound` property on the `NotificationContentInput` is sometimes not sufficient — for Androids 8.0+ you will also need to configure the `NotificationChannel` with the appropriate `sound` and use it when sending/scheduling the notification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Androids 8.0+, playing a custom sound for a notification requires more than setting the `sound` property on the `NotificationContentInput`. You will _also_ need to configure the `NotificationChannel` with the appropriate `sound`, and use it when sending/scheduling the notification.
```

> Starting in Android 8.0 (API level 26), all notifications must be assigned to a channel. For each channel, you can set the visual and auditory behavior that is applied to all notifications in that channel. Then, users can change these settings and decide which notification channels from your app should be intrusive or visible at all. [(source: developer.android.com)](https://developer.android.com/training/notify-user/channels)

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

> Starting in Android 8.0 (API level 26), all notifications must be assigned to a channel. For each channel, you can set the visual and auditory behavior that is applied to all notifications in that channel. Then, users can change these settings and decide which notification channels from your app should be intrusive or visible at all. [(source: developer.android.com)](https://developer.android.com/training/notify-user/channels)

> > **Note:** For some settings to be applied on all Android versions it may be necessary to duplicate the configuration between a single notification and notification channel. For example for a notification to play a custom sound on Android versions below 8.0, the custom notification sound has to be set on the notification and for the custom sound to play on Android versions above 8.0, the notification channel that the notification will be assigned to has to have the custom sound configured (for more information see [Setting custom notification sound on Android](#setting-custom-notification-sound-on-android) instruction).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I think it's actually a better idea to put this note _just_ under `setNotificationChannelAsync`

Assigns the channel configuration to a channel of a specified name (creating it if need be). This method lets you assign given notification channel to a notification channel group.

> > **Note:** For some settings to be applied on all Android versions it may be necessary to duplicate the configuration between a single notification and notification channel. For example for a notification to play a custom sound on Android versions below 8.0, the custom notification sound has to be set on the notification and for the custom sound to play on Android versions above 8.0, the notification channel that the notification will be assigned to has to have the custom sound configured (for more information see [Setting custom notification sound on Android](#setting-custom-notification-sound-on-android) instruction).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** For some settings to be applied on all Android versions, it may be necessary to duplicate the configuration across both a single notification _and_  it's respective notification channel. For example, for a notification to play a custom sound on Android versions **below** 8.0, the custom notification sound has to be set on the notification (through the [`NotificationContentInput`](#notificationcontentinput)), and for the custom sound to play on Android versions **above** 8.0, the relevant notification channel must have the custom sound configured (through the [`NotificationChannelInput`](#notificationchannelinput)). For more information, see ["Setting custom notification sounds on Android"](#setting-custom-notification-sounds-on-android).
```
